Uranus is tilted on its side. 
The sunset on Mars appears blue.
An asteroid about the size of a car enters Earth's atmosphere roughly once a year – but it burns up before it reaches us.
If you could fly to Pluto, the trip would take more than 800 years.
Olympus moon, which is 3 times higher than the Mount Everest, is the highest mountain known to man and is located on Mars.
You can't walk on Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus or Neptune because they have no solid surface.
All of space is completely silent.
You can cry in space but your tears don't fall.
Space isn't that far away. In theory, if you could drive your car upwards, you could be there in less than an hour.
You become taller in space.
One million Earths can fit inside the sun.
The skin on your feet peels off in space.
Only half a billionth of the energy released by the sun reaches Earth.
If you ever stepped on the moon, your footprints would remain there forever.
A single day on Venus is longer than an entire year on Earth.
The sun is 400 times larger than the moon but is 400 times further away from Earth, making them appear the same size.
The hottest planet is not the closest planet to the Sun. Venus is the hottest planet.
Dirty underwear and toilet paper has helped grown plants on the ISS.
The Apollo crews did not have any life insurance.
In space metal sticks together.
The furthest manmade object is Voyager 1. It has messages for aliens on-board.
The Sun orbits the Milky Way galaxy about once every 200 million years.
Astronomer is an anagram of moon-starer.
One light year, which is the distance light travels in a year, is equal to about 5,880 billion miles. Andromeda, the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way, is almost three million light years away.
The Sun burns 600 million tons of hydrogen every second but there's enough there for it to keep going for about another five billion years.
Slimming tip: stand on the Moon and your weight will be reduced by about five sixths.
Every year, the Moon moves about 1.5 inches (3.8 centimetres) further away from Earth.
Saturn's rings are arguably the flattest structure known to man, being some 300,000 km end-to-end but with a vertical thickness of about 10 meters.
Saturn is the only planet in the solar system that would float on water.
Vega will become our new north star in 12000 years.
The Sun is just one of over 100 billion stars in our galaxy, the Milky Way, and the Milky Way is just one of over 100 billion galaxies in the universe.
There is a black hole millions of times the mass of the Sun at the center of the Milky Way galaxy.
The constellation Ophiuchus passes through the ecliptic, making it the "13th sign" of the zodiac.
Earth is the only planet that has plate tectonics!
Stargazing is (almost) like looking into the past.
The middle layers of space suits are blown up like a balloon to press against the astronaut's body. Without this pressure, the astronaut's body would boil!
The full cost of a spacesuit is about $11 million although 70% of this is for the backpack and the control module.
Ever wondered how the pull of gravity is calculated between heavenly bodies? It's simple. Just multiply their masses together, and then divide the total by the square of the distance between them.
The Universe may have neither a centre nor an edge, because according to Einstein's theory of relativity, gravity bends all of space time around into an endless curve.
If you fell into a black hole, you would stretch like spaghetti.
During the moon landing, a mirror was left on the Moon's surface to reflect a laser beam which measured the Moon's distance from the Earth with amazing accuracy.
The constellation of Cygnus, the Swan, contains the very biggest star in the known universe – a hyper giant which is almost a million times as big as the sun.
The lower a satellite's orbit, the faster it must fly to avoid falling back to the Earth. Most satellites fly in low orbits, 300 km from the earth.
The red color of Mars is due to oxidized (rusted) iron in its soil.
Mars's volcano Olympus Mons is the biggest in the solar system. It covers the same area as Ireland and is three times higher than our Mount Everest.
Earth's atmosphere was formed from gases pouring out from volcanoes.
To save fuel on journeys to distant planets, space probes may use a nearby planet's gravity to catapult them on their way. This is called slingshot.
Jupiter has no surface for a spacecraft to land on because it is made mostly from helium gas and hydrogen. The massive pull of Jupiter’s gravity squeezes the hydrogen so hard that it is liquid.
The first astronomers thought the regular pulses from far space might be signals from aliens, and pulsars were jokingly called LGMs (short for Little Green Men).
Three moons have yet been found to have their own moons: Saturn's moon Titan, Jupiter's Lo, and Neptune’s Triton.
With powerful telescopes, astronomers can see galaxies 2 billion light years away. This means we see them as they were when the only life forms in Earth were bacteria.
Uranus's moon Miranda is the weirdest moon of all. It seems to have been blasted apart, and then put together again.
In summer in Uranus, the sun does not set for 20 years. In winter, darkness lasts for 20 years. In autumn, the sun rises and sets every 9 hours.
The first living creature in space was the dog Laika on board Sputnik 2 in 1957. Sadly, she died when the spacecraft's oxygen supply ran out.
The Hiroshima bombs released 84 trillion joules of energy. A supernova releases 125,000 trillion trillion times as such.
The Sun has sunspots, the dark spots on the Sun’s photosphere (surface), 2000°C cooler than the rest of the surface.
You can see another galaxy with the naked eye: the Andromeda Galaxy, 2.2 million light years away.